docs(odsp-client): Add `packageDocumentation` and update README (#19131)
microsoft/FluidFramework: packages/service-clients/odsp-client/README.md

# @fluid-experimental/odsp-client

> The odsp-client package provides a simple and powerful way to consume collaborative Fluid data with OneDrive/SharePoint (ODSP) storage.. Please note that odsp-client is currently an experimental package. We'd love for you to try it out and provide feedback but it is not yet recommended/supported for production scnearios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The odsp-client package provides a simple and powerful way to consume collaborative Fluid data with OneDrive/SharePoint (ODSP) storage.. Please note that odsp-client is currently an experimental package. We'd love for you to try it out and provide feedback but it is not yet recommended or supported for production scenarios.
```

> The odsp-client package provides a simple and powerful way to consume collaborative Fluid data with OneDrive/SharePoint (ODSP) storage.. Please note that odsp-client is currently an experimental package. We'd love for you to try it out and provide feedback but it is not yet recommended or supported for production scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The odsp-client package provides a simple and powerful way to consume collaborative Fluid data with OneDrive/SharePoint (ODSP) storage. Please note that odsp-client is currently an experimental package. We'd love for you to try it out and provide feedback but it is not yet recommended or supported for production scenarios.
```
